PV-KAM Operating Notes


System Power-On Procedure:

()	Turn on the lighting system, including:
	() power strip for lights, located near base of compound table;
	() color-balance transformer on/off switch, plugged into power strip;
	() After a minute of warm-up, select 3200 Kelvin color temperature on color-balance transformer.

()	Turn on the video system, including:
	() power supply accessory for video camera, located near the video patch panel on the right-hand side of the stand;
	() power switch on video camera body, located on left-hand side of camera body, partially obscured by zoom motor mounting bracket (so it should normally be left switched On);
	() power strip for either or both video monitors;
	() power switch for either or both video monitors.

()	Turn on motion control electronics system, including:
	() main power strip, located on right-hand side of motion control console;
	() plus both sets of "Controller" and "Driver" power strips, located on inside ledge near bottom of console (both should normally be left switched on);
	() power switch to IBM computer, located on right-hand side of computer case;
	() power switch for computer display monitor (normally left switched on).

()	Let computer auto-boot motion control program:
	() Sign-on messages will appear on computer display for several seconds;
	() If auto-boot sequence gets aborted for some reason, type the following commands at the MS-DOS prompt >,
		MOUSE
		CD\ANIMAL
		OPTIMAL
	() Finally the "desktop" display with menu bar and status line will appear on screen.
	() Test operation of the motion control system by activating the Joystick, using its red pushbutton.



Typical programming procedures:

()	Initialization of motion control system:
	() Activate Joystick assembly by toggling the red pushbutton, and test driving each of the axes around.
	() Pull down the Run|Overide menu, and determine if any axes should become disabled from moving, such as the Rotation axis RR.
	() Test drive the motor axes again, if necessary.
	() Pull down the Run|Alignment menu, and run the alignment procedure. (Pressing the Spacebar key will emergency kill the motors during the alignment procedure, if necessary.)
	() Notice that all selected axes are at position coordinates = 0, once the alignment procedure has finished.

()	Programming a linear 2-point move:
	() Pull down the Run|Plot menu.
	() Be aware that the Joystick is automatically activated once inside the Plot dialog window. (The red pushbutton is for cuing Plot points here.)
	() Move any motor axes until a composition is acceptable for the starting point.
	() Press the Plot button on the dialog window, or likewise press the red pushbutton now to plot in the point's position coordinates. The first line on the dialog window should update with position information.
	() Move the motor axes until a composition is made for the ending point.
	() Press the Plot button or Joystick's red pushbutton again to plot the second point's position coordinates.
	() Quit the Plot dialog window.
	() Pull down the Edit|Screen-Time menu, and select the running time in seconds. 
	() Quit the Edit dialog window, by selecting OK.

()	Running the above 2-point move:
	() Pull down the Run|Real-Time menu.
	() Press the Run button inside the Run dialog window. The motors should move backwards through the move back to the starting point.
	() Wait for the motors to stop running, before continuing. Otherwise a key press, like the Spacebar, will emergency stop the motors.
	() Press the same Run button again. The motors should now move forwards through the move.
	() Note: Each Run sequence will alternate between running forward and reverse through the move. If the motors stall because of speed limitations, the Align button will re-locate the motor axes to the absolute starting or ending positions.
	() Quit the Run dialog window when finished.

()	Editing the length of the above 2-point move:
	() Pull down the Edit|Screen-Time menu for lengthening or shortening the run time of the same 2-point move.
	() Or optionally adjust either or both of the Tapers for slowing in or out of the move.
	() Quit the Edit dialog window to re-compute a new set of inbetween points.
	() Pull down the Run|Real-Time menu again to re-run the adjusted move. 

()	Programming a new curved 3-point move:
	() Pull down the Run|Plot menu to get into the Plot dialog window again. Answer the "Save Plot?" question which appears before re-plotting.
	() Run the Joystick to the starting position, and Plot that point.
	() Run the Joystick to the middle plot position, and Plot that point (as number 2).
	() Run the Joystick to the ending position, and Plot that last point (as number 3).
	() Quit the Plot dialog window. The program will automaticaly re-compute the new 3-point curve move, using the previous Screen-Time and Tapers. The middle key-frame point will automatically be timed into the middle of the move.
	() Pull down the Run|Real-Time menu again to Run the newly computed curved move.

()	Editing the middle key-frame point of the above 3-point move:
	() Pull down the Edit|Key-Frames menu.
	() Highlight the middle point's time coordinate using the mouse (or optionally via the TAB key).
	() Type in a new time coordinate.
	() Press the Edit button to re-compute the adjusted time base for the 3-point curve.
	() Quit the Edit dialog window.
	() Pull down the Run|Real-Time menu to re-run the adjusted move.

()	Programming another complex 3-point move with freeze-frames in the middle:
	() Pull down the Run|Plot menu to get into the Plot dialog window again. Answer the "Save Plot?" question which appears before re-plotting.
	() Run the Joystick to the starting position, and Plot that point (as number 1).
	() Run the Joystick to the middle plot position, and Plot that point (as number 2).
	() Without moving the Joystick, Plot the same point again (as number 3) for a duplicate set of position coordinates.
	() Run the Joystick to the ending position, and Plot that last point (as number 4).
	() Quit the Plot dialog window.
	() Pull down the Edit|Key-Frames menu. Note that the program has evenly located the middle 2 key-frame points along the time base.
	() Edit the 2nd point's time coordinate at when to start freezing the move.
	() Edit the 3rd point's time coordinate at when to end freezing the move. The difference between these two times is the length of the freeze-frame interval.
	() Click on the checkbox for the Freeze-Frame option.
	() Press the Edit button to compute the time base for the 3-point curve including the freeze frames.
	() Quit the Edit dialog window.
	() Pull down the Run|Real-Time menu to Run the curved move.

